README.md, before:

# Intro to Flask and Website w/o a Database

This is a sample application for  Intro to Flask.  It is based upon code originally forked from: https://github.com/lpolepeddi/intro-to-flask

The repo and its branches takes you from creating a simple non-interactive website and styling to creating forms, sending emails and an intro to packages.
It uses Django templates.  Please see this URL to understand the syntax:  https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.1/ref/templates/language/

It is arranged in a series of branches or checkpoints with new features.  Try starting at the simplist, lowest-numbered branches. 

## Cloning the repo
First clone this repo by running in a terminal or command prompt:
```bash
$ git clone https://bitbucket.org/txstatecs3398all/intro-to-flask-websites-no-db.git

## Using the GitHub or Bitbuckect branch menu
You can use GitHub's or Bitbucket's web interface to view each checkpoint/branch. Click on the branch menu and select the checkpoint you want to view, shown below:

Commit message:

Added instructions to README, routes & corrected import error in routes

README.md, after:

# Intro to Flask and Website w/o a Database

This is a sample application for  Intro to Flask.  It is based upon code originally forked from: https://github.com/lpolepeddi/intro-to-flask

The repo and its branches takes you from creating a simple non-interactive website and styling to creating forms, sending emails and an intro to packages.
It uses Django templates.  Please see this URL to understand the syntax:  https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.1/ref/templates/language/

It is arranged in a series of branches or checkpoints with new features.  Try starting at the simplist, lowest-numbered branches. 

# Prerequisites (meant to be used with IDE like VSCode)
Instructions for running and debugging this python file in VSCode
The program assumes that you have python3 and pip3 installed on your machine.
In the VSCode terminal window type the following:
    pip3 install -r requirements.txt
In VSCode, press Cmd-Shift-P (on Mac) or Ctrl-Shift-P (on Windows).
   In the command selection text box, type "Python Create"
   From the options dropdown select "Python Create Environment"
   From the next options dropdown select "venv"
After the above and setting up the database, you should be able to run and debug this program


## Cloning the repo
First clone this repo by running in a terminal or command prompt:
```bash
$ git clone https://bitbucket.org/txstatecs3398all/intro-to-flask-websites-no-db.git

## Using the GitHub or Bitbuckect branch menu
You can use GitHub's or Bitbucket's web interface to view each checkpoint/branch. Click on the branch menu and select the checkpoint you want to view, shown below:
